If you've seen our interview with Dr. Leslie Feinberg,
you already have an understanding
of healing through the quantum field.
In this fascinating interview,
Dr. Thom Rodgers tells us that
Dr. Feinberg's profound healing modality
extends beyond the human being.
That the same technology can be applied
to healing businesses.
This news offers a lifeline to many business owners
and corporate leaders who can not identify
why their businesses are not operating at their potential.
As Thom explains, there are many hidden beliefs
and illusions that hold a business from its prosperity.
(relaxing music)
It's an interesting path
that you've found yourself on
with having a background within your family
and the world of business and economics and so forth,
and then being a seeker of true knowledge and a healer.
25 years of healing, Applied Kinesiology in many,
many modalities to blend these two to heal businesses.
And business isn't just a cold
harsh reality someone has to deal with.
This is an extension of our true desires
to contribute in life.
It's an extension of us as human beings.
So, let's talk about how,
from your point of view,
you view a business.
I'm viewing a business these days
much differently than I used to.
I used to view a business as
things that I would work in,
I would derive income from,
I would be engaged in,
either parts of its growth or whatever.
Now, I'm looking at businesses
from a whole different viewpoint.
From all my years in healing,
I now know, and we work with,
the entity of a business.
The entity.
The entity is made up of the people who own
the business, that work in the business,
the people who are employed throughout the
different subcontractees, the board,
the public who purchases products if they happen
to be for that purpose.
All the people that engaged in business
they come together and they form this entity.
And the entity is actually a living, breathing organism.
And it can actually be palpated in the sense of being
able to get a sense of what it's doing,
what it wants, what it needs,
what it's not aware of, and where it's trying to grow to.
And we have found by working a little bit
more deeply than just on a physical level,
but working directly with the entity itself,
things happen and things change in the businesses.
Is it fair to say that this business then
is a collection of all of the intentions,
all of the fears, all of the energies
of all of these people,
have created this living, breathing entity
that has a name.
That's right.
It has a birth date usually,
it has a purpose in life,
and so when you go into the business
and look at it on this level,
let's talk about how it would begin
for you to enter a business.
In fact, if you want, let's talk about
what a business you've already worked with
might look like for example.
And then later we're going to talk about
the intricacies of the actual science
and esoteric science behind it.
So you're asking for maybe some--
Give me an example of what
you approach a business.
Help, my business if floundering,
and we don't know what to do to make a shift
in this business and now if you have an example
that you'd like to offer up at this point, that'd be great.
Well not all businesses that we
contract with are floundering.
In fact, some of them are succeeding already
and they're just seeking to do better
than their expected awareness of what
they think they can do.
But, I will give you an example of the business
that started us into this work.
And I can't mention the name of the business
because of confidential reasons with the mother company,
but it was a retail concern.
There was some 400 of these concerns within the country.
It was in the field of natural beauty and natural substances
that people would enjoy in their life.
And that's all I can say about that,
but they were not doing well.
In fact, they were doing poorly in terms of
their region and the last 3 or 4 years of history.
And they contacted us and my partner, Dr. Goddell,
began the process and we engaged two
different attunements with them.
These are sessions that we spend with the business.
And this is what happened.
We started with them at the end of November,
this is a couple years ago now,
it was I think toward the last week in November,
and we did the attunement.
And in December, their sales shot up
I think it was like 15%.
And in January, it increased to 22%
and then in February it increased--
Which is interesting, because that's
usually a real dead zone for retail.
If it is a retailer service industry,
January isn't the hot month.
In retail, that's usually always the case.
Yeah.
In this case, it was not.
And these people then went on and in February
to actually grow as well, from their proceeding year.
But what was interesting was that during January,
they had the number one loyalty product
of their company throughout the nation.
Oh, that's amazing.
And during February, they went on to make
number one in their national sales
with all the different retail,
and they were kind of at the bottom of the barrel.
And with this, we had only done two attunement
sessions with them, and that really caught
our attention (laughs).
And that's slightly after we incorporated
to form this business, but we were very much
aware of the potentials that we had with the business
and working with them after that experience.
What gave both of you the notion
that you could apply these skills
of also Dr. Feinberg's work?
I mean this was really largely influential in this.
That you could apply these skills to a business,
what was the conversation that took place
if it was a conversation?
Well, I remember actually the moment that set
the seed alight in me and we had already been involved
in learning with Dr. Feinberg and applying it into
the healing field with our patients.
And I can tell you categorically that
with all the processes that I've learned and studied,
this process was way, way different
and more effective than anything I had used before.
I watched pathophysiologies, and still do to this day,
change fairly quickly, quicker than I had seen
things happen before in the form of change.
And it really, I knew there was truth in this system
because I was just seeing too much
in front of my own eyes and people's experience.
So, Dr. Feinberg was in a class once
and both Dr. Matt and myself were in the class,
and he's going on and on.
I think we were maybe discussing the morphic fields
at the time, Rupert Sheldrake's work.
Rupert Sheldrake, yes.
Which is an aspect of our work.
And then all of the sudden he just goes,
he pauses and this moment happens
and for 30 seconds, he said,
"You know, you could apply this to a business
and the businesses would do very, very well.
I'm certain of it."
And he went on to give a little bit more
understanding of how that could be and then
30 seconds went by and he goes back into his
discourse on whatever it was.
A little gift for you.
I heard that.
Yes.
And Dr. Matt heard that.
And it wasn't long after where the whole thing unfolded
and Matt started working with other businesses
to see if that is in fact true.
He had family businesses and others that were willing
to allow us to experiment and see what would happen
if we applied these techniques.
And so we've been basically carving out of the system
that Dr. Feinberg taught us, a whole evolution
of a way to apply it to a company.
When you begin the attunement process
with a company, they've contacted you for whatever
reason of their own,
what is entailed in this?
And maybe we should get into some of the science,
we are talking about morphogenic fields.
In part.
Very important.
And we're talking about effecting change
and collaboration within morphogenic fields
and the movement of information, right?
And agreement, it seems that information and agreement
in such is really key to this.
Can you talk about what that is?
If you can reduce it to a bit of a nutshell
for those who haven't seen Dr. Feinberg's
interview with us.
Well there's several factors.
One, there's awareness.
There's always some part of yourself
or some part of a company that's aware of something.
But usually, all parts are not.
And so often the case, when that becomes,
when all parts become aware,
something greater starts to happen
and change within the company.
There's also pathways that we have
that shine mirrors up to the entity of a company
for it to self reflect upon itself.
And again, through our binary testing
and different methods that we use,
it can show the entity what it is that needs to be seen.
There's other factors.
And this is even deeper into the essence
of perhaps your questions being directed,
and that is what we call human processing errors
or informational faults.
Mhmm.
These are metaphors
for basically different illusionary constructs
that are contrary to attunement with the source of creation
and the inborn intelligence that lie within all of us.
And also, even to the consciousness of prosperity
and abundance, which lies within all of us.
And these constructs are metaphors.
And there's many different sorts of them
and we study and utilize them in our work.
By being able to assess what is off in a company,
why isn't it 100% attune to its omission,
why isn't it 100% attune to its short or long term goals?
Why isn't it congruent with these things?
Why isn't it 100% attuned to the resolution of its concerns?
Mhmm.
Why?
And the underlying reason is that
there's aspects within the entity itself that are not
attune or aligned with the source from which all life comes.
Often, an illusion of some kind is going on.
Sometimes. And it's not just a illusion.
I'd like to say it could be millions, billions,
trillions, quadrillions, quintillions, and so on.
And it can be individual and collective illusions.
Yes. Absolutely.
That's totally correct.
So, when you do an attunement then,
because it is a very, I know the word elegant is overused
these days when it comes to anything to do with physics,
but it is a very elegant and a very direct system
that you're working with.
As you said, this company you referred to a moment ago,
you only did 2 attunements.
What are you doing during this attunement?
What are you looking at?
What are you attuning the consciousness to, for example?
Well that's a really good question.
I'll see if I can take that and give you
a good response on that.
Yeah, even bite-size chunks, it's okay.
Well, we meet with the people
and gather their information
and we have a short little questionnaire
that they fill out, but it takes a while
and for a lot of business owners it really
makes them think about what they're doing
and what they are doing.
Many don't even have a mission statement.
And once we get past that stage,
then we actually meet with them on a conference line.
We do most of this work remotely.
We can do that through the field of intentions,
we can do that through all the different ways
that you can connect with beings
without them being physically present.
So as we go into this process,
we are querying through the different
states of where the company is deficient.
So might you be, sort of testing
along the way with the various techniques you use
as they're presenting information to you?
You and Matt are on the other side of the line,
doing the testing and calibrating as it were?
We do a lot of calibrating
and we're using a lot of different types of morphic field
informations to calibrate with.
The idea is that we want every aspect of the company
to be 100% attuned to what we're calibrating.
In the attunement process, there's surveying
and scanning processes that take place
so we can go deeply into the informational structures
of the business and gather forth information.
And then we also have what we call
universal correction moments, where the things
that are being gathered by the scanning
are being able to be re-attuned or released to the
source of creation so that a shift can take place
within the consciousness and within the
energy fields of the business.
We're dealing with fields in the business.
And these fields are very important.
I like the analogy of a football in the middle
of a football field and a baseball on the
outside of the whole stadium, surrounding it.
And that's basically the neutron and the electron
and all the space in between is space
and that's what every atom consists of,
as most people are familiar with.
Mhmm.
So how can all this space
create all these different things
that we see physically?
Or that we experience?
And these are the fields
and these fields are invisible fields
but they're fields that you can work with.
And that's basically where we're putting our attention
in the attunement process.
So if you have, say, a somehow corrupted
collective vision as a company,
tell me if I'm correct in what I'm hearing.
That there are natural laws
that we all would be in a flow with,
were it not for our various beliefs and illusions,
which are abundance and prosperity,
which are integrity and collective healing and so forth.
So, if there is an illusion that falls off of those
natural laws, are you attuning that company then
back to a larger given so to speak,
rather than a mission statement?
Or are you attuning them back to their own
desire or mission statement?
Well, everything.
Everything is included in our work
and everything is with the intention of making sure
their goals are going to be as fully possible to realize
as it is possible to do.
And perhaps in shorter time frames.
And for its mission to be deepened.
Mhmm.
And that's what gives the consciousness to a company,
is its mission.
And for it to have resolution to some of the things
that are impeding it.
To accomplish that, of course we go through
the history of the company, it could be emotional traumas
that the company went through.
Mhmm.
It could be energetic influences that are compromising
the whole essence of the way a company is put together.
There are a lot of factors
and I can be more specific.
It sounds like it takes a fair amount of courage
for someone to invite you into this process
because it means that very deep foundational
changes may end up taking place
that are unexpected.
Yeah. Here's some of the things that do happen
in our process.
First of all, there's a lot of stagnancy of energy,
in all of us and in all of the companies that exist.
Which leads to disease of all kinds.
And it's also part of why companies are under-utilizing
the resources that they already have.
So, we addressed that stagnancy by actually querying forth
some of the factors that are compromising the energy
from being able to be used
to a much more full extent
for the company to achieve its mission and goals.
In the accessing of this, this energy will come up,
and there's things that start to become unfamiliar
for a company and its owner, who are used to controlling
and having things in a certain way.
And it's a test and when they come up,
the owner and the company people that work with this
are fully embraced and if it's something that they
have a little fear about, we basically hold their hand
to allow them to know that this is okay.
They may feel a little fearful, but then on the other side
of that comes a whole new rearrangement.
And why is it that if you're a company and you've made
2 million dollars a year, you haven't been
able to get to the 5?
Or if you've been making 50 million, why can't you
get to a 75 or 100 million dollar?
What is stopping and blocking you
from these accomplishments?
These are the factors.
I mean, things have to change.
I just attended a wonderful talk by John Mackey in Austin,
who both I know and have a great deal of respect for.
Whole Foods.
Whole Foods, he's the CEO of Whole Foods.
And his talk was on conscious capitalism.
He brought forth a lot of information
as to why a lot of these companies that are in existance
are not doing as well as they could be.
And part of it is because they're not embracing
the full essence of what their mission is.
And that is what brings the consciousness alive
into a company if it's actually furthering humanity
on some level.
Right.
Within the company and its mission.
And you really try to confine
your business to those companies who are really,
truly making a difference on the planet.
Yeah, our targets are for the people who are
wanting to do something greater in life,
wanting to make changes and benefits to mankind
or to their area.
In some way, some shape, form, have a humanitarian interest
that's driving them in addition to the profits
that they need to survive and grow.
And how often do you find,
like you said a lot of companies don't have
a mission statement at all,
how often do you find that if they do have
a mission statement, it's not really being true
to the individual's actual deep desires and essence?
Very true. A lot of it has to do with the consciousness
and the way that the mission was put together.
A lot of people that we work with
start to update and make changes to
what it is that's true for them, especially now.
Sometimes if they even have a mission,
it was put together quite some time ago,
reflecting maybe perhaps a different part
or time of themselves when they made that mission.
And it seems like a lot of those
mission statements would be very academic
or logical or on the mental plane primarily
in nature, where I want to do this even if it's all
dolled up, like I'm going to do this thing for humanity
but in reality you really want to turn a quick buck.
There's an incongruity there energetically
and I would assume that when you go in,
those things are brought to the surface pretty quickly.
Well, there are companies that just basic, put a little
wallpaper on their company to make it look like
they're an ecology based concern or that they have
this interest, but they're just doing this
to promote their image.
Just like any other advertisement would do
And those people aren't really serious
in terms of fulfilling a mission.
But there are others that are, or would like to be.
These are the people that are becoming more conscious,
this is a conscious form of capitalism.
And according to John's talk, he says this is the very thing
that we need to give hope and further the direction
and the full force of life because these corporations
have great effects on life.
And how long does it take you to
ascertain whether or not this is wallpaper
or this is at the core?
Well, it seems like the process of life has been
filtering out the people who come to us,
that become our customers.
We've been very blessed with that.
These are people who are very open.
They're open to making some change,
but they're open to new ideas
or open to finding better ways to do things.
In that openness, everything pretty much
takes care of itself.
And there's generally some authentic part of themselves.
We do not have any customers that do not have that
drive behind what they're wanting to accomplish.
So it's really if you were to look at it
as an individual entity or being, you're talking about
bumping up the immune system of the company
so that each part is working in total cooperation
with the other.
Much more so, you're getting a much greater flow
in the efficiency, communication, things work out better.
Just more harmonization, more synchronization
within the company and its people.
And the perturbations, which are the conflicts,
are minimized through what we do
because it influences these particular aspects.
It's amazing some of the changes that you
can actually see take place.
Would you mind giving us
another example or two of some of the
astounding turnabouts and sometime
where it may have pushed people up to their
own limits in terms of their own courage
because maybe some significant changes had to
take place but they pulled through?
I love hearing this.
Yeah, we have a number of customers that
we could talk about.
I know that you can't reveal
their identities in a lot of cases.
Yeah.
But if you have a couple that we would find
quite interesting to show what it takes.
Well, there was a lady that came to us
and she was a recent customer.
She has a beautiful concept company, it's going pretty
good too, but she needs to grow.
And the growth, she needs a lot more funding
to take place.
She's an importer and she's a manufacturer.
And she comes from a very well-known line of people
that I knew of growing up.
And she has a great business sense about her,
but she desperately needed the money.
We did an attunement with her and found
a number of things within her own business
that were not optimal in terms of being attuned
or in alignment and through our process,
through the clearing of the faults and so on,
there were such shifts that took place that
the funding that she was looking for opened up
within a 30 day period.
Man.
Actually, it was even faster than that.
It opened up within days.
Amazing.
And it came not from somebody that she
had been matriculating along, trying to get money
to be invested, and having conflicts with the people
and their desires and their choices that they'd like
to have for the company.
This came from other sources.
So, that was a pretty neat thing.
(laughs)
It's not to say that somebody is going to have
great success in one month by working with us
and having that happen, but it does happen.
It shows what the potentials are.
That's true.
And the reality for
some people.
Another example of where you had maybe
a number of people in the company
and there were parts that really weren't
maybe in harmony with each other?
Well, I can give you another.
These are recent examples, so I have to
go back in time to think about some of the
case histories we have.
But we have a customer, this is a trading group
that works within the top 3 banks in either the world
or definitely in this US.
I haven't actually checked out how they rank in the world,
but it's a huge bank.
It's out in New York City, I can't mention the name of it.
But the trading group that was working within the bank
contacted us.
They saw our ad in What is Enlightenment
and so we struck up an agreement with them and began.
And in the first month, we went through the initial
attunement and a month went by,
and the next attunement was scheduled.
And when we got on the phone,
there were 3 individuals, one of which knew and sensed
and could have awareness of what we do
would be benefiting them.
The other 2 didn't have a clue (laughs).
That doesn't surprise me.
They didn't have a clue.
I mean, they were just, you know--
Well, they'd have to have some knowledge
to understand this work. Yes.
Yes. But, for some reason, they decided to go along with
the lead on their cohort, who was their colleague.
So, the second visit came around and,
"How'd you do last month?"
"Oh, well we had the largest month we've ever had
in our history."
"Really?" (chuckles)
And the other 2 individuals were like,
"Yeah, we did," and we got their attention.
I mean, that's all it took.
One month of a really great month
and then all of a sudden, it's like
there is something to this.
Very good.
And, for example, when working with Dr. Feinberg
and working in that capacity with an individual
that has perhaps health challenge, for example.
He's going through and working with their field,
the information systems and fields,
but getting agreement on a really deep almost,
there are many words for it, but soul-source level.
Agreements as to whether or not the being is ready to
move past this particular impediment or belief system.
And the being is agreeing on a very deep unconscious level.
That's true.
So is a lot of what you're doing with these
corporations also happening on a deep unconscious level
or do they tend to be more aware
of what the problems are, what the obstacles may be?
Well, to the degree that the conscious mind
can know what it knows,
there is awareness on some of the issues that are going on
to some degree, but I've always given this image of
an iceberg out in the ocean and the tip of the iceberg
is all that one can usually see.
But what's underneath the ocean is an extension of the top,
is huge, which is usually a gargantuan piece of material.
And this is exactly what we're doing when we go in
and work with companies that most of it,
and individuals to in the healing field,
most of it is unconscious.
We're used to trying to solve, is it this emotion
or this thought that caused this or that,
or is it this particular deficiency in a nutrient
in the healing field.
But when you start working with fields,
you see it's a much larger picture
and there is many, many more facets
than anyone could even have conceived.
Part of the technology that you're speaking of
is scalar wave technology.
Can you explain a little bit about scalar wave technology
to us and how that applies to consciousness in business?
Right.
We are on a cutting edge, our company.
There's no other company like what we're doing so far.
I mean, there's a lot of probably individuals
having an understanding of some of the concepts,
but because we have the technology we have,
we know for a fact that the way that we're approaching it,
we don't have any other individuals that we can look to,
we are it.
And recently, we have been able to bring into
our whole program with the companies,
the ability to actually create a sound tracking
for a lot of the different pathways that we use
and the different processes that we go through
in helping a company to be upgraded.
At the end of that process,
at the end of our attunement session,
we can actually create an mp3 file from that
and then we can have the vocalization
of all that come through and be actually ladened
onto the scalar waves, which then amplify
and direct the intention on yet a deeper level
to the entity of the company.
And we can do that remotely
or we can actually send them the file
and give them a little, tiny type of an antennae
scalar wave, an antennae that they can insert
into their computer.
Very--
Or mp3 player.
That's really interesting.
And that continues reinforcing then
the energy that's set been in motion.
That's fabulous (laughs).
It's almost like out of a new era,
that we've entered into.
And we do this also now in the healing field as well.
And when you do an attunement,
it takes how long?
One hour.
So you have to be working with something
very close to the soul.
Well, the intention is pure, let me say that.
And there is an inner knowingness and we're also just
carrying out our end of the obligation or the
responsibility that we've agreed to.
And whatever takes place, of course you can't
direct it, it's going to happen through the grace
of everything that allows us to be here in this life form.
Yes, and the people that are having their
businesses analyzed, the partners, the boards.
Again, the openness has to be everything
because you're going to have information
reflected back and revealed to you
that you may have never even considered
that might be 180 degrees contrary to what your
belief system is.
Does that happen?
Yes, but generally people have an agreement
that they have certain goals and they're directed
in a certain way.
So, as long as they stay in focus,
everything can be interpreted with a filter,
in its appropriate filter.
And, there's so much that goes on
in a subterranean way that we're not aware of.
I mean, we can't be aware of everything
in the sense of all the little subtleties
of all the zillion of changes that are happening
in a nanosecond.
There's tens of thousands of biochemical reactions
in a cell in one second they say,
hundreds of thousands.
So, is part of this the sheer coming together?
They've brought you in because of what you do
and it's the intention of all the beings--
The field of intention.
The field of intention of all these beings
has come to clean up the act, to lift it,
to plug back into true purpose.
And is it the intention that's also assisting
your job and them?
Oh, very much so.
The intention is guiding the whole process.
I've watched certain films and some books on intention
and there's wonderful things that have been said about it.
I can't speak highly enough about what the field of,
I mean it's everything.
As chiropractors, we used to think that is holding a vial
to the body that made all the difference in the world.
Or it was touching of a point to gain knowledge
from what it meant.
This and that was all set up as the field of intention.
Right or wrong, correct or incorrect,
it was all based on fields of intention.
When we found that we could just bypass
and go right to the purity of the intent itself,
and make that the substance of focus for what we do,
then everything changed.
Is there anything else you'd like to add
to this profound work you're doing and sharing with
the rest of us?
Well, a lot of people ask a lot of questions
about what we do.
I will say that we definitely jump start a business.
We provide a spark or an infusion of shifts
and changes that can take place.
Some people work with us for a year on a monthly basis,
some do just several attunements over the years,
some do a few more, it depends.
There's different ways that we work with people.
But, I do have a few analogies.
One is the stacking of the cards in a deck.
There's always a way to gain a higher probability
of outcome, and working with the quanta,
or what they call the quantum material
and the stuff of the universe that helps to
cull us down into form
and manifest into form,
the quantum potential can be collapsed.
This is what we do in our work.
It's one of the keys of our work.
With the intention, we focus on the collapsing of the quanta
and to probable realities.
And these probabilities are much greater
and give much more choice for the company.
They give more clarity for the company
and they can help actually increase the odds
or increase the stacking of the deck so to speak
for having more favor and being more aligned in that favor.
We also have other types of metaphors
that we've used in the past to try to explain what we do.
And one of them is a computer when it's defragged,
all the kinks are out.
And these are the faults that we are talking about,
Informational faults, and just works cleaner, faster,
easier, more efficiently.
And this is another thing that happens.
We also give the analogy of ourselves as the internet.
The internet is always questing for files and
informational states that have been created either in form
usually, in the form of some type of writings or pictures
or music or whatever.
And the internet has that capability of accessing
and then they have Google connecting to the internet
can access even more.
We have a tremendous capacity
to actually take a step up from the internet
and function from the universal informational fields.
We can access into these fields,
through the universal fields, and through all
the different fields that have an effect on our physical.
And it's all there. The awareness is all there.
It's just a matter of tapping into it.
And through this, in being able to collapse the quantum
potential, is you can bring these probable realities
into your outer, realized experience.
And this is what we've been seeing for companies
that have taken place.
Overall, and this may be an unfair question
and hard to answer because it's kind of getting down to
generalities, but by and large, with the sea of businesses
of all types of businesses and vast array of success
and non-success, how much of our true potential
are we actually expressing, by and large?
Well, who--
As businesses at large.
I'm hearing what you're saying and we have to be expressing
actually just a small percentage of what our potential is.
I would say a few percent, 3 or 4% maybe.
That's important information.
That means we're magnificent beings that have another
95% plus expression.
That's absolutely right.
We have such capacity to grow and unfold
into awareness of what's unifying everything.
What makes everything tick.
And our businesses do too, don't they?
Absolutely. You know, I was once in a class
and we started talking about the entity of a class.
And it was a group of people studying truth
that gathered together and it was over the course of a year.
And it would be referred to, that this entity that
would form in the class was its own individual thing.
And it continued to grow and evolve
with us as we grew and evolved.
It was a living, breathing, tangible relationship.
And this came to me many, many years ago,
but it's very appropriate to talk about the entity
in a business because it too, is seeking
abundance and prosperity.
It's seeking the laws that unlock
the true abundance
and the unlimited potential.
So not just earning money, which represents
energy out of the universe,
but being able to accomplish great things.
We are so interdependent today,
the companies are effecting each other.
You know, everything is so sensitive now.
And we need to grow in terms of a business awareness
of how we are effecting other things
because this is the truth of how everything
is going to keep going together or not.
I mean, we can't keep playing the same old
experiences over and over that we did
hundreds of years ago.
And even just decades ago.
And times are changing and the corporations really,
even though they've gotten a bad name
in a lot of sense from the public's reaction
to what's happening to the environment,
there are still corporations out there that
are wanting to do good things
and are making conscious efforts
to go in that direction.
Well thank goodness there are
people like you and Matt that are able to
help them expedite that path.
We love working with these types of companies.
Well, I really appreciate your taking the time
to do this interview with us because a lot of times,
the whole notion of money in world of change
and progression gets kind of a bad wrap
because it's been misused in the past.
And it's been aligned with purposes that have
not been for the betterment of mankind.
So, to know that people like you are out there,
really trying to help these forward thinking companies
express themselves makes me feel better (chuckles).
Thank you, Thom.
Thank you.
If you'd like to know more about optimal modification
and how it could work for your business,
please visit his website to schedule an appointment
with Dr. Rodgers or his partner, Dr. Goddell.
If you would like to expand your understanding
of the technology in general,
you can watch our intervew with Dr. Leslie Feinberg.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.
(relaxing music)